doc: update CONTRIBUTING.md (#701)
sassoftware/vscode-sas-extension: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Download and install the current NodeJS LTS version.
- Run `npm install` in this folder. This installs all necessary npm modules in both the client and server folder.
- Open VS Code on this folder.
- Switch to the `Run and Debug` view in the VS Code Activity Bar (Ctrl+Shift+D).
- Select `Launch Client` from the drop down (if it is not already).
- Press ▷ to run the launch config (F5).
- In the [Extension Development Host] instance of VS Code, open a SAS file.

> - _Optional_: If you want to debug the language server as well, also run the launch configuration `Attach to Server`.

Reviewer: In this instance, do I need to run both `Launch Client` _and_ `Attach to Server`?

Author: Yes. So I make it an additional optional step. "Attach" has to be **after** "Launch".

### Locale contributors

> | Language                 | VSCode Language ID | Contributor     |

Reviewer: Thanks for updating this!

| ------------------------ | ------------------ | --------------- |
| **French**               | fr                 | Vincent Rejany  |
| **Italian**              | it                 | Lorenzo Roccato |
| **German**               | de                 | David Weik      |
| **Chinese (Simplified)** | zh-cn              | Wei Wu          |
| **Japanese**             | ja                 | Masayuki Iizuka |
| **Korean**               | ko                 | Meilan Ji       |
| **Portuguese (Brazil)**  | pt-br              | Mark Jordan     |

## Run single test file

- Open the `.test.ts` file you want to run
- Switch to the `Run and Debug` view in the VS Code Activity Bar (Ctrl+Shift+D).
- Select `Language Server E2E Test` from the drop down.
- Press ▷ to run the launch config (F5).
- See test result in the `Debug Console` panel.

# Testing unpublished versions

> You can still try out any commit or pull request if you don't want to manually build from source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still try out any commit or pull request (PR) if you don't want to manually build from source code.
```

Suggesting adding PR here since we use the abbreviation below

## Download VSIX file

- Open below page with your browser
  - For main branch https://github.com/sassoftware/vscode-sas-extension/actions/workflows/package.yml
  - For Pull Request https://github.com/sassoftware/vscode-sas-extension/actions/workflows/pr.yml
- Select the commit/PR you want.
- Download the `artifact.zip` file from the Artifacts section.
- Unzip it to get the VSIX file.

## Install VSIX file

- Open the `Extensions` view on the VS Code Activity Bar.
- Click the `...` from the top right of the Extensions pane, and select `Install from VSIX...`, select the downloaded VSIX file.
- Restart VS Code

**Note**:

> - When testing VSIX files, it's usually a good idea to turn off "Extensions: Auto Update" in your VS Code settings to prevent it auto-updated to published version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When testing VSIX files, it's usually a good idea to turn off "Extensions: Auto Update" in your VS Code settings to prevent auto-updating to a published version.
```

> - When switching between multiple VSIX files, it's usually a good idea to clean up the [installation directory](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_where-are-extensions-installed) after uninstall previous one. Otherwise VS Code may cache it as un-published versions may look same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When switching between multiple VSIX files, it's usually a good idea to clean up the [installation directory](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_where-are-extensions-installed) after uninstalling a previous version. Otherwise VS Code may cache it as un-published versions may look same.
```
